Sacher
We are
Wiping eyes
Jaejoong
I was there
Finally I can do this cr
I was almost ready or Kedomo I do not yet fully Tteyuu
Rather that
Like a gal
I think whether it has become , but it is still a little more on the tire
There was a black house
There is a place to make a tiny fender mirror , but for now
I got from Sora-kun
I feel sick at Christmas presentation
Does Mase undecided wait a little but it is But I will have a different perception Kimi say
It will be spilled and Poro' with this I that mountain that I kinda weirdly with adhesive is taken
I will
I think it's pretty close, though a
The plastic model is difficult, but also that
That's how many points you can get
I want to make this yet
I haven't finished it, but it's okay to get there
Do not mean
It's just it years ago about 50 points in the I myself Te Harajuku
It's so To still plastic model. Tl father's or clogging Makurin
It's so Well then spray to do me its still a 100 average of the shoe painting before
Abso
Another not touch useless without mirror Toka absolute So touch
Haman enters and it stands out
It will break the mirror of another suit illuminations
The Tsukemashou
It's not complete yet, so it 's almost complete, but it's fine though
A small mystery here
And so on and on the tires like this
In fact, it will be pretty close when painted black
It is broken by each in the thing, and a little while from now
I think it will be attached with
I tried to put
tan
I'm painting this
I 'm riding on Jean
Oh
If you make a plastic model
It has been since childhood , for the first time in decades
I made it
Gupper Morris car
So
This made first time in 30 years
Even though this is I know the second generation
It is quite interesting'll try to make at
The problem seems to be how beautiful it is painted
After all
I saw a lot of people like youtube on youtube
It is said that the inclusion does not get wet
It's a paint, using good paint
Be beautiful
It doesn't come, I'm from the top with a 100 spray spray
Just because it's over
It is not possible to say most were likely
If I could do that, I think it would be different again
A little up there but now
It is quite difficult I and I can not do Lee
amazon
It's was pretty high but I saw Toka airbrush
Well anyway
The same as the car riding to almost come of my
I was able to shape
Well this is this
I I'd wanted to say I wonder if
I want to keep that for a long time
lv is already quite old
I think that Nde car that probably only sits about two years and or three more years
Because maybe resulting in a scrapped ne One at that time this keepsake
is not it
Well then, I was riding before this one, but I was in the magazine
that too
I because I was I black legacy but I think I should sell
Quite
I was Madeshi
Short me
It was only about two years but
Another 6 years
This car is about this
I bought a tote used car, but
People who got in front of me painted beautifully and there is no pain so much
It's a pretty good car